=== FULL-GAME SIMULATION on "The Chill of Despair" (0376580b-7482-419a-a42c-d2456a75d28e) - 2026-07-19T15:20:33.392Z ===
LLM player (deepseek-v4-flash) vs the deployed full-AI DM. Max 20 turns / 7 min per segment.

(playing as Harry Pottah, a cloned copy of an existing character)
(seeded a temporary entry contract via Lyra - the guide predates Stage 6 contracts)
(closed lingering open session 9c3cd02f-564c-48dd-a2bc-8dd4a637d0d2 - will be restored)
--- SETUP: session start ---
DM: The snow falls without end, a relentless curtain that has smothered the fields and forests of Oakhaven in a deep, frozen silence. Your breath mists in the biting air as you stand in the village square, surrounded by shuttered homes and the faint, desperate glow of hearth-fires. The world beyond the flickering lamplight is a white void, the encroaching glacier a looming, shadowy presence on the horizon. A bitter wind howls, carrying the scent of pine and frost. Then, through the swirling snow, a figure approaches—a hunter, their face etched with exhaustion, moving with a purpose that cuts through the paralysis of the cold.
DM: Offer: Seek the Luminescent Moss (Lyra) - 40 gp
DM: The figure pulls back her hood, revealing a face too young for the weight in her eyes—Lyra, the village's last remaining herbalist. She tells you about the Luminescent Moss, a rare growth deep in the frozen woods beyond Oakhaven, and offers forty gold crowns to whoever brings it back. She says the trouble worsens each day, and her voice tightens with something between urgency and fear. She looks between you, waiting.
   [offer_staged]

--- turn 1 ---
>> HARRY POTTAH (say): I'll take the job, Lyra. The moss—where exactly in the woods should I start looking, and what else should I know about the dangers out there?
Harry Pottah: I'll take the job, Lyra. The moss—where exactly in the woods should I start looking, and what else should I know about the dangers out there?
DM: Contract accepted: Seek the Luminescent Moss (Lyra) - 40 gp
DM: Lyra's shoulders drop with a sharp exhale of relief, her eyes widening for a moment before she nods rapidly. "You'll need to climb the Whispering Glacier," she whispers, her voice tight. "The moss grows on the lower slopes, where the ice thins and light breaks through. But be careful—the glacier itself is treacherous, and it whispers... it calls." She gestures toward the looming ice wall, a massive, fractured blue presence that dominates the horizon, the wind curling around it with a low, mournful hum. Before you, two potential routes present themselves: a treacherous main path that ascends sharply, glittering with unstable ice, and a narrow, shadowed defile to the west that the wind seems to curl around. The air carries a faint, sorrowful hum, and the cold bites deeper with every breath. How do you proceed?
   [offer_accepted]
   [beat_opened] name=The Frozen Ascent trigger=quest_accepted

--- turn 2 ---
>> HARRY POTTAH (say): The whispering gives me the creeps. I'll take the narrow defile to the west—less exposed, and maybe the wind will cover my approach.
Harry Pottah: The whispering gives me the creeps. I'll take the narrow defile to the west—less exposed, and maybe the wind will cover my approach.
DM: You slip into the narrow defile, the rock walls pressing close on either side. The wind funnels through the gap with a hollow moan, masking your footfalls but intensifying the cold until your breath crystallizes instantly. The passage ahead tightens into a dark crevice, and from beyond it comes a faint, greenish glow—the moss, perhaps, or something else entirely.

--- turn 3 ---
>> HARRY POTTAH (do): I draw my wand and creep forward, peering into the crevice to see the source of that green glow before I step any closer.
Harry Pottah: I draw my wand and creep forward, peering into the crevice to see the source of that green glow before I step any closer.
   [check_prompted] skill=investigation
DM: The green light pulses softly against the damp stone, revealing a patch of luminescent moss clinging to the crevice walls. It hums faintly, a gentle, harmless glow that doesn't threaten. However, the crevice continues deeper into the glacier, narrowing further ahead where the light fades into shadow. You notice a faint, metallic glint just beyond the moss, partially buried in the ice.
   [check_rolled] skill=investigation total=12 success=true

--- turn 4 ---
>> HARRY POTTAH (do): I carefully harvest a generous handful of the luminescent moss, stowing it in my pouch, then kneel to examine the metallic glint—digging at the ice with my wand if needed, keeping my ears pricked for any whispering or movement.
Harry Pottah: I carefully harvest a generous handful of the luminescent moss, stowing it in my pouch, then kneel to examine the metallic glint—digging at the ice with my wand if needed, keeping my ears pricked for any whispering or movement.
DM: You pluck the glowing moss free with care, its soft light warming your fingertips, and tuck it safely into your pouch. Then your wand chips at the ice around that glinting shape until it breaks free—an ancient amulet, etched with frost-pale runes, on its surface crackling with cold magic. The moment it shifts, a vibration shudders up through the glacier beneath your knees, a low, resonant groan that echoes through the crevice like something ancient stirring in its sleep. The glint of the amulet catches the moss-light, and somewhere deeper in the glacier, the whispering grows louder.

--- turn 5 ---
>> HARRY POTTAH (do): I pocket the amulet quickly and back out of the crevice, heading back toward the defile entrance—I've got the moss, and I'm not sticking around to meet whatever's waking up.
Harry Pottah: I pocket the amulet quickly and back out of the crevice, heading back toward the defile entrance—I've got the moss, and I'm not sticking around to meet whatever's waking up.
DM: You press backward through the narrowing passage, the amulet cold against your thigh and the moss-pouch faintly warm at your hip. The groaning in the glacier deepens into a rhythmic, almost breathlike pulse, but your footsteps stay silent in the wind-funnel of the defile. Ahead, the dark crevice mouth widens into a sliver of grey daylight. Behind you, the whispering shifts—no longer just a murmur, but something that almost sounds like a name, lost in the stone. The defile entrance yawns open just ahead, offering a choice of paths: the open, windswept glacier surface to the left, or a narrower, shadowed trail that veers right, where the ice seems to glow faintly from within.

--- turn 6 ---
>> HARRY POTTAH (do): I take the open glacier surface to the left, wanting daylight and distance between me and that whispering—keeping a tight grip on my wand, ready to run or fight.
Harry Pottah: I take the open glacier surface to the left, wanting daylight and distance between me and that whispering—keeping a tight grip on my wand, ready to run or fight.
DM: You step out of the defile’s mouth onto the wind-scoured glacier. The sun’s golden glare is blinding after the crevice’s gloom, but a deep, rhythmic groan shudders through the ice beneath you, like a slumbering giant turning in its sleep. Far ahead, the hazy silhouette of Oakhaven is a dark smudge against the white expanse, while to your right, a shadow seems to ripple just beneath the surface of the ice, there and gone too quickly to be sure.

--- turn 7 ---
>> HARRY POTTAH (do): I sprint across the glacier toward Oakhaven, not looking back, ready to cast a shield charm if anything breaks the surface.
Harry Pottah: I sprint across the glacier toward Oakhaven, not looking back, ready to cast a shield charm if anything breaks the surface.
DM: The glacier shudders beneath your feet as you sprint, each stride landing on ice that groans with that deep, rhythmic pulse. Wind tears at your robes, but behind you—far behind—the disturbance you caused settles into an uneasy quiet, the whispering swallowed by distance and open sky. Oakhaven's silhouette sharpens against the horizon with every breath, dark rooftops emerging from the haze like a promise. The amulet against your thigh hums faintly, and somewhere across the glacier, a low crack splits the air—whether from the ice settling or something else entirely, you can't be certain.

--- turn 8 ---
>> HARRY POTTAH (do): I reach Oakhaven and head straight for Lyra's shop, pulling out the moss and the amulet to show her, keeping my wand ready in case the cold magic reacts.
Harry Pottah: I reach Oakhaven and head straight for Lyra's shop, pulling out the moss and the amulet to show her, keeping my wand ready in case the cold magic reacts.
DM: The cobblestone streets of Oakhaven rush past as you cross the threshold from the wild glacier into civilization, the familiar timber-and-thatch charm of Lyra’s shop materializing at the end of the lane. You kick the door open or push through, the scent of dried herbs and old parchment hitting you as you stride in and lay the luminescent moss and the cold amulet on her counter in a single, urgent motion. The amulet rests against the wood, and for a long moment, the only sound is the faint, rhythmic hum it emits, syncing with the faint green glow of the moss, neither exploding nor reacting violently—just... waiting. Lyra’s gaze drops to the artifacts, and her hand hovers over them, fingers trembling slightly as she prepares to touch the cold metal, while the shop remains silent, the air thick with the promise of whatever knowledge the amulet holds.

--- turn 9 ---
>> HARRY POTTAH (say): Lyra, careful—that amulet felt ancient and woke something in the glacier. Tell me what you know before you touch it.
Harry Pottah: Lyra, careful—that amulet felt ancient and woke something in the glacier. Tell me what you know before you touch it.
DM: Lyra’s hand freezes mid-air, her eyes narrowing as she leans closer without touching the amulet. The hum from the artifact seems to deepen, and she pulls back, her expression grave. "This sigil," she says, pointing to a worn marking on the amulet’s face, "is Kaelen’s seal. He was a warden, one who bound old magics to keep them from the world. This... this isn't just old. It's a lock." She looks from the amulet to the moss, then back to you. "If it woke in the glacier, whatever it was holding is now unbound."

--- turn 10 ---
>> HARRY POTTAH (say): So I just broke a seal on something that's probably best left sealed. Is there a way to re-lock it, or do we need to prepare for whatever's waking up?
Harry Pottah: So I just broke a seal on something that's probably best left sealed. Is there a way to re-lock it, or do we need to prepare for whatever's waking up?
   [check_prompted] skill=arcana
   (assist prompt, no second PC - waiting 14s for expiry)
DM: Lyra's fingers trace the sigil on the amulet's face, muttering under her breath as she turns it this way and that, the hum deepening with each rotation. She pulls a heavy tome from a shelf, flips through pages yellowed with age, cross-referencing the marking—but her brow furrows deeper with each passage she reads. Finally, she sets the amulet down with a slow, deliberate clink against the wood. "The seal was meant to hold once," she says, her voice quiet but certain. "But whatever woke in that glacier didn't just slip through a crack—it *broke* the binding from the other side. The lock is gone, Harry. There's no re-fastening what's been shattered." The amulet falls silent, its hum dying as if in confirmation, and the shop feels suddenly colder. Lyra meets your eyes, her expression heavy. "If you want to know what's coming," she says, glancing toward the window and the distant glacier beyond, "we need to know *what* was bound."
   [check_rolled] skill=arcana total=7 success=false

--- turn 11 ---
>> HARRY POTTAH (say): Then we find out what was bound. You've got books, I've got the artifacts—where do we start?
Harry Pottah: Then we find out what was bound. You've got books, I've got the artifacts—where do we start?
DM: The combined glow of the amulet and moss casts shifting, icy patterns across the open pages of Lyra’s grimoire, and the symbols on the seal seem to resonate with the ink, forming a bridge between artifact and text. After a tense hour of cross-referencing, Lyra’s finger stops on a faded illustration of a figure wreathed in sleet, and she whispers the name with a chill in her voice: "A Frostbound Whisperer, a soul-siphoner that the warden Kaelen trapped within the ice itself." The knowledge settles like a weight in the room, and your gaze naturally turns to the map of the region pinned to Lyra's wall, where a single, remote peak is marked with the same sigil as the seal, labeled only as "The Whispering Glacier."

!! time box reached - stopping at turn 12

=== SEGMENT END: STORY STATE ===
objective: Seek the Luminescent Moss [active]
objective: Journey into the Whispering Glacier [hidden]
objective: Survive the Glacier's Dangers [hidden]
objective: Reach the Sunken Caves [hidden]
objective: Understand Kaelen's Influence [hidden]
objective: Return to Oakhaven [hidden]
ending: The Thaw [candidate]
ending: The Pact of Ice [candidate]
ending: Frozen Desolation [candidate]
ending: The Awakened Fury [candidate]
ending reached: false
scene: New location (narration), day 1, gold 0

=== SPEND (cumulative DM agents + this segment player) ===
consistency_checker: 12 calls, $0.0011
narrator: 17 calls, $0.0027
adjudicator: 11 calls, $0.0018
summarizer: 2 calls, $0.0000
hook_weaver: 1 calls, $0.0004
encounter_designer: 1 calls, $0.0000
beat_planner: 1 calls, $0.0023
player agent (this segment): $0.0016
TOTAL DM spend: $0.0082
